[Fundamental] Add a note for Enterprise customers (#6432)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/api/reference/limits.md

Some specific API calls have their own limits and are documented separately, such as the Cache Purge APIs:

* https://api.cloudflare.com/#zone-purge-files-by-url
* https://api.cloudflare.com/#zone-purge-files-by-cache-tags,-host-or-prefix

> Enterprise customers may contact Cloudflare Support team to raise the limit of a higher value if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise customers may [contact Cloudflare Support](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200172476) to raise the limit of a higher value if needed.
```
